Here are some of the accessories to be introduced today .
Yes you are here . We have an external battery that charges usb devices.
The capacity is now 3,000 ma
So i have iphone 5 that can be charged about once and a half
is
So I'm not just doing my best
If you look at it, it has an sd card slot here .
I really don't think I'm surprised it's a battery
Ru sd card slot to Naa battery
Yes now what do you do use I am doing I do not you have a single-lens reflex camera
Depending on the issuing a camera sd card of here photos immediately with iphone
See
Various places without'm positive position comes out in glad not really Mutchi great land Ganefu
I say anything Once was something of sd cards
I want to take a photo and see it on iphone right away
It is an accessory that will give you such a thing . It's great. I want to try it right away.
I think yes
Waidoro N and get to open the conspicuous from the iphone of wi-fi Settings app
Do you say
Ot Department
Once you have entered , launch that free downloadable app
In the Well immediately Insert the sd card Gacha
To do
The list I've connected is connected Now it's also data inside my sd card
It's a great early day when the back photo is displayed
Previously thing is displayed soon seen there is also this cache function of or attempt to lump finger
Toka neighborhood about I do I'll Ne I see it is adapted to be
The picture taken by Mr. Ms. and Mr. Ms. who took a picture with me earlier looks like a photo
Can be ugly
There are about 10 people per one of my photos , but it's pretty early
So that something
I do not feel that time will get messed up and by pressing the button on the top right
Send by email
You can save to this camera roll or post directly to facebook this way
I can do it
It is a great convenience, so I took some pictures right away and that twitter etc
really recommend to are wondering want to post to facebook
Well iphone pictures are also very beautiful , but I still take photos with SLR
There are many photos taken with digital cameras or not
I can do it
Very very interesting accessories for Tteyuu that only the is not a Teru floaty guess anymore everyone
Mr. I think that was found in did me watch the video
After all it is this summer, but take a picture and do it this way soon
You can post on twitter or facebook or something on iphone
I'd was possible after all I now this photo is a great feature of Rutteyuu
sd card reader video
The app for putting music is a music player
a Mara for example iphone Nojo capacity Do deer capacity of iphone is 16 care
The capacity of the sd card is 64 gigs 128 even if the form
If you use something, you can carry that much capacity
Great
Compared in addition to thin the also Toka size in what has been exceeded secret place which is put the compact
That's right x To
Of course if you are doing photos that you can use in various ways iphone
capacity
Is recommended Please check who Tteyuu in trouble